If the company has overvalued assets due to acquisitions. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences what has changed. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.   


If inventory is growing faster than revenue. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.           


If the company changed the way it accounts for inventory and if there was a material increase in inventory writedowns. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.           
                                                                
If accounts receivable is growing faster than revenue, the change in DSO and the change in Accounts Receivable Turnover. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.           
                                                                        
If inventory is growing faster than COGS, what is the change in the Inventory Turnover Ratio, if there was a large inventory writedown (or increase in reserves) and if the company changed inventory accounting methods (i.e., capitalizing more costs or delaying write-offs, in order to boost profits). I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.                                                                           
If there was a material change in asset and liability values using Mark-to-Market (MTM). I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.                                                                           
If the company has risks associated with the accounting of operating and capital leases. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.                                                                           
                                                                                
If there are material issues related to allowance for doubtful accounts, impairment charges, or off-balance sheet items. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.                   
                                                                
If there was a material change in the purchase amount of treasury stock, if retained earnings materially changed, if there was a material change in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or if there was unusual preferred stock issuances. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.                                                                   


If CFFO is much lower than Net Income. If so, tell me if there are issues with specific changes in working capital line items, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and one time gains or losses. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences.        Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.                                                                           
How healthy the CFFI and CFFF is. I want you to tell me in no more than 2 sentences. Based on that response should I be worried? If so, explain why in only 1 sentence that is written in the third person (i.e., don't mention You or my name in response). Then score out of 10 the level of concern. 1 is very concerned. 10 is not concerned, then just give me a number and nothing else.   


In 8 sentences or less (and make sure the character count is less than 1200), I want you to summarize all the Balance sheet and Cash flow questions, write it in the 3rd person. No more than 3 sentences per paragraph.